README.md, before:

# Find Some Words For Buchstabiene Riddle Of ["Die Zeit"](https://zeit.de)

Simple Python script that attempts all words in a file for a given map.

See [Buchstabiene](https://spiele.zeit.de/buchstabiene/)

## Prerequisites
- Download a word list which consists of one German word per line, e.g. [this file](https://gist.github.com/MarvinJWendt/2f4f4154b8ae218600eb091a5706b5f4).
- The Script assumes the file to be installed here:
  `~/Downloads/wordlist-german.txt`
- install dependencies, e.g. `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Before running the script, open the riddle in a web browser, then click on
	the terminal from where you'll run the script.  The script will attempt to
	change the focus to the web browser by simulating typing of Cmd-Tab for macOS,
	Ctrl-Tab for Windows

## Map

The script needs to know what the current map is.

The map is defined by the "flower": its center (seeds) and 8 Petals, hence 9 characters.

<img width="764" alt="image" src="https://github.com/bwagner/solve_zeit_buchstabiene/assets/447049/90cfd0b6-73ae-4921-9407-a4c79bbc72be">


Ascii-Representation of the riddle of 26.04.2023:

```

            P   O
           T     W
              T
           A     U
            R   H

```
We map these characters as follows:

```
            8   1
           7     2
              0
           6     3
            5   4

```

Hence the script would be called like this:

`./solve_zeit_buchstabiene.py towuhratp`

To only enter a single word, e.g. "autor" (instead of testing a whole bunch from a file), call the script as follows:

`./solve_zeit_buchstabiene.py towuhratp autor`

The map can also be entered characterwise, e.g.:

`./solve_zeit_buchstabiene.py t o w u h r a t p autor`

# Example Run
See on [Youtube](https://youtu.be/O0rWH5hdgx0)

Commit message:

FIXES: Uses Typer to allow passing arguments/options

README.md, after:

# Find Some Words For Buchstabiene Riddle Of ["Die Zeit"](https://zeit.de)

Simple Python script that attempts all words in a file for a given map.

See [Buchstabiene](https://spiele.zeit.de/buchstabiene/)

## Prerequisites
- Download a word list which consists of one German word per line, e.g. [this file](https://gist.github.com/MarvinJWendt/2f4f4154b8ae218600eb091a5706b5f4).
- install dependencies, e.g. `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Before running the script, open the riddle in a web browser, then click on
	the terminal from where you'll run the script.  The script will attempt to
	change the focus to the web browser by simulating typing of Cmd-Tab for macOS,
	Ctrl-Tab for Windows

## Mapping

The script needs to know what the current mapping is.

The mapping is defined by the "flower": its center (seeds) and 8 Petals, hence 9 characters.

<img width="764" alt="image" src="https://github.com/bwagner/solve_zeit_buchstabiene/assets/447049/90cfd0b6-73ae-4921-9407-a4c79bbc72be">


Ascii-Representation of the riddle of 26.04.2023:

```

            P   O
           T     W
              T
           A     U
            R   H

```
We map these characters as follows:

```
            8   1
           7     2
              0
           6     3
            5   4

```

Hence the script would be called like this:

`./solve_zeit_buchstabiene.py towuhratp`-f wordlist_file

To only enter a single word, e.g. "autor" (instead of testing a whole bunch from a file), call the script as follows:

`./solve_zeit_buchstabiene.py towuhratp autor`

# Usage
╭─ Arguments ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ *    mapping      TEXT    [default: None] [required]                           │
│      word         [WORD]  [default: None]                                      │
╰────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ Options ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ --file  -f      TEXT  [default: None]                                          │
│ --help                Show this message and exit.                              │
╰────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯


# Example Run
See on [Youtube](https://youtu.be/O0rWH5hdgx0)
